.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH CREATEAPT 1 "May 19, 2013"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
createapt \- generating private packages archive
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B createapt
.RI [ options ] " (file|directory)"
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page documents briefly the
.B createapt
commands.
.PP
.\" TeX users may be more comfortable with the \fB<whatever>\fP and
.\" \fI<whatever>\fP escape sequences to invode bold face and italics,
.\" respectively.
\fBcreateapt\fP is generating the metadata necessary for private package APT archive. This is a tool similar to createrepo command to yum / rpm.

.SH OPTIONS
These programs follow the usual GNU command line syntax, with long
options starting with two dashes (`-').
A summary of options is included below.
For a complete description, see the Info files.
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
Show summary of options.
.TP
.B \-V, \-\-version
Show program's version number.
.TP
.B \-r ROOTDIR, \-\-rootdir ROOTDIR
Specify root directory path of private package archive
.TP
.B \-d DISTRO, \-\-distro DISTRO
Specify Debian distribution name.
Debian is unstable, testing, stable, oldstable.
Ubuntu is saucy, raring, quantal, precise, etc.
.TP
.B \-s SECTION, \-\-section SECTION
Specify some unique name.
Debian is main, contrib, non-free.
Ubuntu is main, restricted, multiverse, universe.
.TP
.B \-a ARCH, \-\-arch ARCH
Specified architechture name.
for example; amd64, armel, armhf, i386, ... etc.
.TP
.B \-c CODENAME, \-\-codename CODENAME
Specify codename of distribution.
Debian is sid, jessie, wheezy, squeeze, etc.
Ubuntu is same as distro.
.TP
.B \-d DELETE, \-\-delete DELETE
Delete backup data
.TP
.B \-v, \-\-verbose
list verbose
.TP
.SH SEE ALSO
.br
The programs are documented by
.IR "README.rst".
.SH AUTHOR
createapt was written by Kouhei Maeda <mkouhei@palmtb.net>.
.PP
This manual page was written by Kouhei Maeda <mkouhei@palmtb.net>.
